Update README (#6656)
magento/devdocs: README.md

Ran on 1747 files!

HTML-Proofer finished successfully.
                    done in 220.316 seconds.
 Auto-regeneration: enabled for 'src'
LiveReload address: http://127.0.0.1:35729
    Server address: http://127.0.0.1:4000/
  Server running... press ctrl-c to stop.
        LiveReload: Browser connected
```

1. The generated website shows up automatically in a new tab in your browser.
1. Press `Ctrl+C` in the serve terminal to stop the server.

> ***TIP***
> Leave the serve terminal open and running. Every time you save changes to a file, it automatically regenerates the site so you can test the output immediately. Changing the `_config.yml` file or other YAML file with data or configuration requires a fresh build (stop and start the server again with `rake preview`).

### Exclude private repositories

If you do not have access to the private repositories required by Docfile, you can exclude them in `_config.local.yml` to avoid the link checking report about missing pages.

Create a `_config.local.yml` file at the root of the project directory and exclude the paths you do not want to generate:

> The following example will generate Magento 2.2 documentation only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example generates Magento 2.2 documentation only.
```

Author: This line should not be here. It's probably appeared after a merge conflict resolution.

```yaml
exclude:
  - page-builder
```

>**TIP**
>You can override any other configuration options using this file.

> >If you want to ignore the `_config.local.yml` file and preview the site with default configuration, you can do this with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Also, you can use the `preview:all` option to ignore the `_config.local.yml` file and preview the site with default configuration:
```

>
>```bash
>rake preview:all
>```

## Building old versions

The published website contains documentation for the latest Magento releases only. For cases, when you need to view the content as it was for an earlier release, we created [tags](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/tags) in this repository. Typically, they point at the commit when the release notes were finalized and published.

> Get the list of available tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the list of available tags:
```

```bash
git tag --list
```

> Checkout to the version you need (for example 2.2.0):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To checkout the version you need (for example 2.2.0):
```
